Coffee Co noblesse will do English
person in suspension but a French you
guys want to know I was really not
trying thrown in 10 miles an hour it was
really not trying oh sweet i just ran
across strikes me and you know get get
out get quick outs I want to stay there
longer than what I did but they we want
1001 so excited I was I did you think
about your family being in the stands
especially your grandmother city of fish
oh for sure yes i did i mean when i was
coming from the bullpen
booba kiss and and it was a little weird
because I forgot the last time my
grandma saw my pic channel I don't have
it in my mind I don't see that picture
so it was really special in the end
today she told me she got down she's
like good pitching you got a lot more
strike zone think he was probably a
little ring rightfully so a little bit
nervous to start but uh we got got a
couple guys on but he settled in May his
pitches and really after that first
hitting he was locked in what couple for
and then I'll go cigs again that I'm
working over a 10 people my house I'll
wait governor but Jeff with my grandmas
of my mom that
what cover but I got here about 30 sort
of special you know I didn't know what I
was going to react how to you know to
albany that you know
an idea was ready for and when I was
ready board but you know I know I didn't
know how I was going to react but I mean
they came out great it's fun to see him
go out there and compete I know was an
emotional night for him having his
family here handled it great you know
like a 20-year vet